add definitions of COMPOSE_MENU and COMPOSE_EXPERIMENTAL env variables  for Compose (#19695)
docker/docs: content/compose/environment-variables/envvars.md

If `COMPOSE_ENV_FILES` is not set, and you don't provide `--env-file` in the CLI, Docker Compose uses the default behavior, which is to look for an `.env` file in the project directory.

### COMPOSE\_MENU

> When enabled, Compose will display a navigation menu to open the Compose stack in Docker Desktop or to switch in `watch` mode.

Reviewer: Compose displays menu even if this variable is not declared. This variable is actually used to _disable_ menu when set to false.

> When enabled, Compose will display a navigation menu to open the Compose stack in Docker Desktop or to switch in `watch` mode.

Author: @ndeloof it will display it by default (without the variable) only if you activate the option in Docker Desktop

> When enabled, Compose displays a navigation menu where you can choose to open the Compose stack in Docker Desktop, switch on [`watch` mode](../file-watch.md), or use [Docker Debug](../../reference/cli/docker/debug.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled, Compose displays a navigation menu where you can choose to open the Compose stack in Docker Desktop, switch on [`watch` mode](../file-watch.md), and more.
```
There's no Docker Debug integration right now/yet - maybe just go generic?

* Supported values:
  * `true` or `1`, to enable,
  * `false` or `0`, to disable.
* Defaults to: `0`.

> **Note**
>

> > Available in Docker Compose version 2.26.0 and later, and Docker Desktop version 4.29 and later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Available in Docker Compose version 2.26.0 and later, and Docker Desktop version 4.29 and later.
```
(Allie can keep me honest, but I'm pretty sure we always end with punctuation)

### COMPOSE\_EXPERIMENTAL

This is an opt-out variable. When turned off it deactivates the experimental features such as the navigation menu or [Synchronized file shares](../../desktop/synchronized-file-sharing.md).

* Supported values:
  * `true` or `1`, to enable,
  * `false` or `0`, to disable.
* Defaults to: `1`.

> **Note**
>

> > Available in Docker Compose version 2.26.0 and later, and Docker Desktop version 4.29 and later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Available in Docker Compose version 2.26.0 and later, and Docker Desktop version 4.29 and later.
```
